NEXT-12712 - Add custom pagelet (#65)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/storefront/add-custom-page.md

## Overview

In this guide you'll learn how to create custom page for your Storefront.
A page in general consists of a controller, a page loader, a "page loaded" event and a page class, which is like a struct and contains
most necessary data for the page.

## Prerequisites

In order to add your own custom page for your plugin, you first need a plugin as base. Therefore, you can refer to the [Plugin Base Guide](../plugin-base-guide.md).
Since you need to load your page with a controller, you might want to have a look at our guide about [creating a controller](./add-custom-controller.md) first.
The controller created in the previously mentioned controller guide will also be used in this guide.

## Adding custom page

In the following sections, we'll create each of the necessary classes one by one.
The first one will be controller, whose creation is not going to explained here again. Have a look at the guide about [creating a controller](./add-custom-controller.md)
to see why it works.

### Creating ExampleController

> As already mentioned, the controller creation is not explained here, just an example controller.

Reviewer: third time you mentioned that you are not going to explain it 😃

Reviewer 2: And I'm not going to explain why I did that! :-P

Reviewer 2: Fixed

        $this->eventDispatcher = $eventDispatcher;
    }

    public function load(Request $request, SalesChannelContext $context): ExamplePage
    {
        $page = $this->genericPageLoader->load($request, $context);
        $page = ExamplePage::createFrom($page);

        // Do additional stuff, e.g. load more data from repositories and add it to page
         $page->setExampleData(...);

        $this->eventDispatcher->dispatch(
            new ExamplePageLoadedEvent($page, $context, $request)
        );

        return $page;
    }
}
```
{% endcode %}

So first of all, as already mentioned: This is a new class or service, which doesn't have to extend from any other class.
The constructor is passed two arguments:
The `GenericPageLoaderInterface` and the `EventDispatcherInterface`.

The first one is not necessary, but useful, since it loads all kind of default page stuff, such as a footer and a header and loads some additional
helpful data. Once again, you don't have to do that, but if you want your page to have a footer etc., you should add it.

The `EventDispatcherInterface` is of course necessary in order to fire an event later on.

> Every page loader should implement a `load` method, which is not mandatory, but common sense. You want your page loader to work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every page loader should implement a `load` method, which is not mandatory, but convention. You want your page loader to work
```
